Add roadmap page (#84)
melange-re/melange-re.github.io: docs/rationale.md

## Looking forward

While reaching v1.0 marks a major milestone for Melange, it is only
the beginning of the journey. The Melange team remains committed to
continuously improving Melange, ensuring it remains a robust and
efficient tool for OCaml developers targeting the JavaScript platform.

> The [roadmap](roadmap.md) includes short and long term goals for the
> project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [roadmap](roadmap.md) page details past work and
current goals of Melange.
```
